# The-Digital-Museum
**PROJECT OVERVIEW**
This digital museum is a computer and information technology museum exhibition platform that can digitally store and display cultural relics and historical collections. This is one of the main achievements of digital curation. Reproduce the museum experience on your computer and access all digital media in the museum's existing collections. This is a solution for people who cannot physically visit the museum, and the situation in this Covid from 2020 requires a digital platform in every industry. For this project, we have selected three categories: Art Gallery, World War II, and Animals. To recreate the museum's expansion, we focused primarily on the museum's digital media. The art gallery is made up of different types of art (contemporary art, abstract art, etc.), and WW2 focuses primarily on images of that era, endangered by animals. Contains images of animals.

After covid-19 pandemic, everyone was quarantined, and everything started becoming online where visiting museums became difficult and unsafe for the users. Idea of this project started from there and this application will make it possible for the users to visit the museum digitally and follow up on the things they are interested in.

This Digital Museum is a museum exhibition platform that utilizes computer and information technology, on which cultural relics and historical collections can be preserved and displayed in digital format. It is one of the main outcomes of digital duration. We are replicating a museum experience on a computer and access every digital media of the existing collection of the museum. This will be the solution for people who can’t be able to visit the museum physically and due to this covid situation from 2020, there is need for the digital platform for every industry
